You said that Jiang Yun did not give up so easily
I can't directly threaten you with Guoguo
This is my relationship with Xiaoyu
It's completely destroyed
Is Jiang Yu still in Chenglin?
OK, I see.
Don't scare the snake
What's the matter Xiaoyu
Guoguo seems to have a high fever
Come back quickly
I'll adjust the tiger away from the mountain first
Let Jiang Yu focus on Guoguo
Resolve the scourge of addiction
Guoguo has a fever
You gave Guoguo this cup of cold medicine to drink
Otherwise, why don't you go by yourself?
Guoguo will definitely not drink it when he sees me
Cold medicine has the effect of helping sleep
As long as he keeps falling asleep
Let Kang Yu believe me
But a mouth
Why are you here?
Guoguo has a fever again
Why do you have a fever?
Didn't you just recover?
Wang Yu told me.
I'll check the situation later.
Maybe it's Wang Yu's ghost
I'll go with you.
You can't go.
Once your existence is discovered
Our plan failed
Bring Guoguo
Don't worry.
I promised you.
I will definitely protect the fruit.
Guoguo must not have an accident